we have people in positions of power
very high positions those we are
supposed to trust to do their job the
trouble is that these people tend to
come from corporations which Lobby the
government in their favor sometimes they
end up going back to the government
position they once had that's called the
revolving door that isn't exactly fair
don't you think you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you this
is a continuation of the previous video
I have done on the revolving door the
collusion in between big business and
big government if you haven't seen that
already please go to the description
below I will have a link there for you
to click on I want to show you this
amazing resource one of the best
websites that is out there that deals
with the revolving door and that is open
secrets org I've shown you over the
years this website before but never
specifically for the revolving door this
is an amazing resource to have to keep
in mind they have all types of
information on the site but today let's
stick with this on the left-hand side
you see a menu and you can choose from
there and one of the things that you can
choose is administration's so if you
want to know what kind of connections
this current administration has with big
business you can do that so currently
it's under Barack Obama but if I want to
search for example on the Trump I just
click on Trump and here it comes a big
list of all the names so Mike Pompeo was
with the Central Intelligence Agency you
could see the CFTC the Department of
Commerce everybody in line here so if I
want to just search through look for
example Rex Tillerson okay Department of
State I can click on this individuals
name I can get a timeline of what they
were involved in when those dates were
to and from and you can see their whole
employment history it's such a good
website I mean it breaks it down so
simply you can see it there then you can
go off and search it for yourself on
another website should you choose to do
so but you
have to rely on the mainstream media you
don't have to rely on them to put those
little tidbits in if you notice if you
read the mainstream media articles you
may see that in brackets they may say
okay he's former in this position you
can actually just go there search it for
yourself empower yourself that's what
I'm trying to help you with gave you all
the resources that you need and every
day we're coming up with new and new
resources this is just happens to be one
of them
so another thing that you can do on this
website is go to the search feature so
you can search for a particular person
and you can decide if this is something
that you want when you look at for
example cushion or let's say right so I
can search through I just basically
typed his name him hit enter and now I'm
going in I select okay there's just one
person here Jared Kushner I can go in
and see what their involvement is and
the same basic website comes up here
employment timeline I get everything
that he's involved in and the employment
history as well there's a lot to cover
here I can see even his education should
I choose to do so where he got his
degrees and and what years they weren't
all that so I can click at the top here
on to specifically revolving-door
I can go in there on the left hand side
I get that menu once again so I can go
through I can go through the different
agencies if I want I have a lot of
options here I can break this down or I
could just do a search so it depends on
what you are looking for specifically
look at the white house I can go through
white house I can click down look at
every single name that's involved right
now that to me is so important it's so
important to have this because what I'm
looking at a different website and I
think who is this person I want to know
who their connections are I want to know
who they're involved with and then all
of a sudden I realized oh wait a minute
this individual was working for the
government in the previous
administration now he's in this
administration wait a minute he was with
goldman sachs before that and i could do
those type of searches so I could look
for for example Paulson and you'll see
there's Henry Paulson I can look through
and see who he was involved with before
you'll see goldman sachs and then he
moves in to the department of treasury
that's right so this is the type of
thing that you need to be aware of i
think that this is a great resource once
again i don't want to make this video
too long i just wanted to let you know
this i should have included in the last
video but i think this is good to
separate it this is a great place to
check out once again that is open
secrets dot org go through the search
feature and then you can go through the
rest of the website in fact and see what
else they have to offer if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up the last but not least if you
found the video informative i know you
will find my book so many gps mi new
release global economic collapse even
more informative links are in the
description below
take care